---
title: Changes
layout: default
---

# Version 0 of the Proteus Framework

## Changes in v0.4.11

### Bug

[PF-418](https://agile.venturetech.net/browse/PF-418) - Form: no Submit Action
[PF-423](https://agile.venturetech.net/browse/PF-423) - SSL redirect is forced when configured not to

## Changes in v0.4.10

### Bug

[PF-383](https://agile.venturetech.net/browse/PF-383) - MessageContainer causes javascript error in latest firefox.

[PF-405](https://agile.venturetech.net/browse/PF-405) - LabelExtension behaves incorrectly when accessing name.

[PF-406](https://agile.venturetech.net/browse/PF-406) - Form : Unable to add generator.

[PF-402](https://agile.venturetech.net/browse/PF-402) - New pages do not show in page selector UI.

### Story

[PF-396](https://agile.venturetech.net/browse/PF-396) - Change the default renderer for Pagers

## Changes in v0.4.9

2014-03-11  Russ Tennant

        Fix orm2dc Java Identifier:
        Make sure beanName is also a valid Java identifier
        in com.i2rd.hibernate.task.SchemaUpdateHelper.createDataConversion
        Put the version number at the end of the beanName.

        PF-388 Remove exclude for xml-apis on hibernate dependency.
        We have to exclude xml-apis on all dependencies.

        PF-387 Fix BIRT Batik PDF class loading error. Related to https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=344560

## Changes in v0.4.8

2014-03-05  Jonathan Crosmer

        Add missing annotation to FormEditor

2014-03-04  Russ Tennant 

        build.gradle: Update for hibernate enhancer. Commented out currently.
        ProteusWebAppConfig: Create a constant for the property source name.

## Changes in v0.4.7

2014-03-04  Russ Tennant 

    Fix NPE introduced in previous release.

## Changes in v0.4.6

2014-03-03  Russ Tennant 

    [PF #356] Component Mgt / Search by Page type doesn't work

    [PF #357] ComboBox action listener doesn't work on first event
    Fixes a regression from a previous change. Do not invalidate parent when used as a renderer.

    [PF #359] Blocking - Detaching CSS from page management doesn't work
    Remove delete cascade from many-to-many property.

    [PF #365] Removing components from page doesn't update UI correctly
    Fixed several queries that had old/incorrect syntax.

    [PF #367] Reset Password Component / Underscore in component class
    Updated other class names with underscores as well.

    [PF #368] Logout Component / Switching between options does not update UI
    Added call to watch for changes to RadioButtons.

    Port fixes from https://support.i2rd.com/view.php?id=59222 PageAccessCapabilityDAO.java, PageElementTreeModel.java, SiteElementRenderer.java, PagePathNode.java:
> Remove "revocation = false" from queries since the return value depends on it. Update path matching to match all paths, not just folders.


## Changes in v0.4.5

2014-02-28 Russ Tennant

    [PF #359] Blocking - Detaching CSS from page management doesn't work
    Remove delete-orphan cascade from many-to-many property.
	
    [PF #360] Blocking - Can't log in via token
    Added methods for obtaining a Hostname or Site without
    having the RenderContext initialized. This allows the authentication
    domain to be retrieved before the CMS RenderContext has been
    initialized.

    Moved FilterChainProxy registration.

## Changes in v0.4.4

2014-02-27  Russ Tennant 

        Create ProteusShell so we can bootstrap the shell ourselves.
        Initially, this just changes how the application context is created.
        It now reads the system property spring.config to obtain spring
        @Configurations due to the bean ordering/overriding issue with the
        shell bootstrap class.

        [PF #349] Page Editor / Error trying to edit a box to override contents
        The SQL generated by the HQL query in CmsBackendDAO.hasContentForBox
        is invalid in the new version of hibernate. Rewrote the HQL in order
        to get hibernate to generate valid SQL.

        [PF #230] Update to support null password.

        [PF #230] Add CliCommand annotation as an entry point.

        [PF #230] Workaround for IndexOutOfBoundsException.

        [PF #230] Process for adding users to a fresh Proteus db snapshot
        Add data conversion for renaming default admin group and role.

        [PF #230] Process for adding users to a fresh Proteus db snapshot
        Created command to add users to the backend.

        [PF #350] Remove spacer from actions div.


## Changes in v0.4.3

2014-02-25  Russ Tennant 

        [PF #343] Add StaticKeyDataConfig command to Proteus Shell

        StaticKeyDataConfig: 
         Add missing properties to copy constructor. Add scanPackage mutators.

        [PF #327] Error on attempt to reset password
        Added a data conversion to add an email template for the
        backend reset password component.

2014-02-24  Russ Tennant 

        [PF #173] CommunicationConfig - not sure if in good package
        Moved cache configs to net.proteusframework.$module.config package.

        [PF #330] Changing revision limit caused files to be lost
        Add back check for same stream storage when processing files. Appears to have been accidentally removed when the email notifications were removed.

        [PF #314] Incorrect usage of window.setTimeout  method

        [PF #299] RadioButtonComponent has seemingly incorrect id attribute
        When converting some code to use dashes into underscores for consistency,
        the radio button ID was missed in one place causing a mismatch between
        the label.for and the input.id.

        [PF #331 #240] Template Management / CSS bug when editing name
        Invalidate parent in setVisible, setEnabled, and setEditable.

        [PF #326] Styles in menu component are missing
        miwt_highlight class was missing some replacements with miwt-tree class.

        [PF #318] Page Management / Live Preview Button Opens In Window
        When rendering an external action link, do not include the submit
        feature. The submit feature causes JavaScript code to handle opening
        a new window and we do not want to do that in this case.

        [PF #199] SAF - add the ability to pick files independently


## Changes in v0.4.0


* 2014-02-19  Ken Logan

	Fix bugs from integration testing for #184. Add data conversion.

	[PF #184] Remove direct references to all admin perm
	closes #184

* 2014-02-19  Russ Tennant

	Remove unnecessary null argument from ReflectUtil.invokeMethod.

	Implement support for generating website javadoc.
	Merges pull request #312

	[PF #328] Setup JDBC Interceptor for connection pool.
	Setup interceptor to reset connection state to fix #328.
	Also set the default auto commit to true.

	Only clear volatile meta data for existing files.

	[PF #329] HTML Class updates.
	Replaced underscore separator with dash.
	Closes #329
	
	[PF #329] Change "miwt_form" HTML class to "miwt-form".
	
	For consistency always use the GroovyClassLoader for groovy.
	
	[PF #323] Rename RequestPath to PageElementPath in DAO.

	[PF #323] Fix references to renamed property.
	
	[PF #280] Remove ExpressionDAO.getInstance.

	Migrating function maintenance to data conversion. PF#88

	Improvements to the automation API for PF#88

	Update postgresql version in build.gradle.

	Add back the Log4JHandler to core and update for Log4J API differences.

	[PF #88] Update data conversion so that it doesn't leave a table around.
	Also, added an example of conversion validation.

	Added method toJavaIdentifier to StringFactory.

	Added JavaKeywords utility.

	[PF #88] Factored out schema update logic from DDLExportTask into SchemaUpdateHelper.
	Added main method to SchemaUpdateHelper to output a Spring bean for a data conversion based on the current status of the database <-> ORM.

	Update build to generate a ProjectInformation class.

	[PF #303] Javadoc for core.script classes
	closes #303

	CommandLineHelper: Add ability to specify a class to "run". Convenient if the class is a @Configurable.
	
	Update CmsFrontendDAO getSiteHostnames(CmsSite) to be getSiteHostnames(Site).

	
* 2014-02-19  Jonathan Crosmer

	Make the data conversion call CREATE EXTENSION automatically and have a better comment that the contrib package is required.  Fixes #322

	Change existing functions in '05-cms-functions.sql' and '20-text-functions.sql' to the new data conversion format. Also modified DynamicTableDAO so that it will initialize properly by disambiguating the LocaleSource.

* 2014-02-19  Justin Piper

	Add method to display the name and ID of all hostnames for a site
	closes #294

* 2014-02-19  Jonathan Crosmer

	[PF #297] Rename IDataProvider to remove "I"
	closes #297


